Codepen link. https://codepen.io/Twise021/pen/eYmLXXO

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic html gives gives the code structure while also giving it meaning. Making it easier to read for us.

    2. What is HTML used for?
        HTML is one of many program languages. It is used to break the webpage up in smaller sections that
        will be the various parts of a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
         An attribute is added to a element and modifies it in some way. You add them at the start tag.
         For example <a href="#"> href being the attribute.
         
     4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is the largest header tag available to use. You should only use it one time because it is seen as the most important thing on the page by the search engines. It should be the most relevant thing to your page, such as a business name.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	The <input> and <select> tags both have required attributes.
 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The head tag should contain all the head elements such as the document title, and any meta information.

    7. What is an id? 
	The id attribute is used to give one specific element a unique value to style it independently.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	An id can be added to any html element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	You should use an id one time for each element, they should each be unique to their specific element. No repeat id names.

    10. What is a class? 
	Class is an attribute that you can apply equal styles to multiple elements with the same class name.
	
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	You can add a class to any html element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	I don’t believe there is a limit on how many you can use on one page.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	I believe you use <a href=”#" taget="_blank"> but I haven’t quite got that one fully figured out. 

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	The alt attribute is alternate information if an image fails to load or cannot be viewed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	You use a # to reference an id. #(idName)

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A div is a divid in the content 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used to create the visuals on a page. Including fonts, colors, layouts and more. 

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	Within CSS you will just use the element name such as   h2{ }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class can be used on multiple elements, while a unique id is given to one specific element. For example you could use an id on your main title, while using a class on the rest of the headers for each section on a page.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	You select a class with a period. Such as .(class-name)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	I would select it with p.human { }         
	
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	A parent child selector selects all ‘children’ that are a direct descendant of the ‘parent’
	You could have a div with multiple <p>s and select them all with div p{ } and leave the other divs alone completely 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	I would select it like this.  .sidebar a{ }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	It is used to define an element that is in a special state. Such as hover.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	You would use the line-height command.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	After selecting your desired element or class you use the letter-spacing command.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	You use the text-transform command combined with whichever attribute you want to use. I would combine that with the universal if you want to change Everything.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	You would use the command  div{ border:1px dotted black; }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	You use universal, which is a * tag.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	You use /*comment here */  to leave comments in css

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	Pdw will display what path you are currently in including what file. 
	
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	You would use the ls to list them all. Little L little S.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	You use the rm to delete files. You need to be very careful when removing through the command line because once you delete it you will not be able to get it back. It does not prompt you and ask if you’re sure it just removes it permanently. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	With version control you it keeps a database of all changes you make and stores seperate versions of your projects. So if something were to crash after you made a change you could return to a previous version before those changes were made.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Often, you should commit almost after every change you make. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	Git push origin yourbranchname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
            Fork the project
            Add your TL as a collaborator 
            Clone the repo
            Create your own branch
            Make changes, add and commit
            Push to your branch
            Create a pull request



    